docs: remove unnecessary async from rewrites/headers/redirects examples (#95148)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/headers.mdx

}
```

> `headers` is a function that expects an array to be returned holding objects with `source` and `headers` properties:

Reviewer: I think we should preserve the async nuance here. It's fine if the examples are sync, but saying this is “a function that expects an array to be returned” may imply the API is sync-only.

Could we phrase this as something like:

```suggestion
`headers` can be defined as a synchronous or async function. It should return, or resolve to, an array of objects with `source` and `headers` properties.
```

Simple and clear that users can read from the filesystem, fetch data, or otherwise compute these values asynchronously and Next.js will await the result (not that very many do this, but you know, API completeness matters).

Same for `redirects` and `rewrites`.

> `headers` is a function that expects an array to be returned holding objects with `source` and `headers` properties:

Reviewer: I think we should preserve the async nuance here. It's fine if the examples are sync, but saying this is “a function that expects an array to be returned” may imply the API is sync-only.

Could we phrase this as something like:

```suggestion
`headers` can be defined as a synchronous or async function. It should return, or resolve to, an array of objects with `source` and `headers` properties.
```

Simple and clear that users can read from the filesystem, fetch data, or otherwise compute these values asynchronously and Next.js will await the result (not that very many do this, but you know, API completeness matters).

Same for `redirects` and `rewrites`.
